hey guys ms yours back and now we have a
skin spotlight on mecka Kazakhs not
going to lie this looks like an amazing
skin I want it yeah it's amazing um but
yeah like let me just this yeah see
that's the joke obviously the jokes and
taunts not different as well and like
I'll show you here is right here's E
which is his leash right thing and his W
it just it all looks really nice to be
honest with your really like a look at
this but I'm going to leave this bit
here and I'm going to get to level 16 so
I'm fully evolved and then I'll be back
see you soon right guys I'm back and now
it's time to fully evolved so let's put
point in the alley and then BAM there we
are now fully evolved as you can see the
blade itself is different well both of
them now have like these robotic wings
and the spikes have grown he just looks
absolutely awesome the skin is like
probably one of my favorite skins I've
seen in League of Legends to this day I
show you some abilities on minions right
here's the w which is really good you
see when the little target goes around
the enemies that means that they're like
that's when you're passive goes on you
know unseen threat so yeah that just
shows that they're on their own here's
goe
you know just going to stay off like
predator style which is just epic the
jump and here's the cute it's all like
explosions things like that it's just
that they're really nice I don't know
how this skin is just quite speechless
you know it looks really nice but i'll
leave this video here i personally think
the skin is amazing but let me know in
the comments if you guys agree with me
or not but yeah that will be it for skin
spotlight this is meka Kazakhs and thank
you all for watching if you enjoyed it
please be nice and drop me a like and if
you're not already subscribed to be epic
hit that subscribe button and until next
time I've been our muscles and peace
you